way that you can enforce an honor code is you've got to start creating
that culture within your team early on holding people accountable and
making sure that they hold themselves accountable you've got to build
a team that's capable of having thick skin and that is able to
take criticism if you know you notice that one of your teammates is
doing something wrong or is messing up on something you've got to have
the strength to tell them like Hey you're not doing this right and
then they also got to be able to take your criticism and not feel
that you're attacking them but you're only just trying to help them
which is ultimately going to try and help improve the team so you've
got a foster foster that that culture with in of accountability and
having thick skin so that everyone can talk to one another because
they ultimately no you're just trying to help them out as a teammate
which is ultimately going to help the team and that feeds all the way
up